# Quotex Affiliate Program: Earn Up to 80% Commission

## How Does the Quotex Affiliate Program Work?

The Quotex affiliate program allows you to earn commissions by referring
new traders to the Quotex trading platform. You can earn up to 80% of
the broker\'s profit or 5% of the trading volume by promoting your
unique referral link.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/3_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

## Quotex Affiliate Commission Structure

The Quotex affiliate program has one of the highest payouts on revenue
share among binary option affiliate programs. You earn more money on
higher affiliate levels, which is based on the FTDs you generated from
the previous month. Here are the commission rates you can earn based on
your affiliate level on both payout models:

  Affiliate Level   Required Monthly FTDs   Revenue Share   Turnover Share
  ----------------- ----------------------- --------------- ----------------
  1                 0                       Up to 50%       2%
  2                 15                      Up to 55%       2.5%
  3                 50                      Up to 60%       3%
  4                 100                     Up to 65%       3.5%
  5                 200                     Up to 70%       4%
  6                 400                     Up to 75%       4.5%
  7                 700                     Up to 80%       5%

## Affiliate Tools and Features

The Quotex Affiliate Center offers tools and features that help you
monitor your statistics, generate promo codes, and use direct links to
promote the broker. The platform\'s dashboard is comprehensive while
being user-friendly, displaying your performance stats and quick links
to marketing materials, help desk, and withdrawal page.

### Promo Codes

The Quotex affiliate program enables you to generate promo codes for
deposit bonuses to attract more traders. Here\'s how much bonus you can
get on your referrals via promo codes:

  Affiliate Level   Required Activated Bonus   Max Bonus Rate
  ----------------- -------------------------- ----------------
  1                 0                          No bonus
  2                 10                         15%
  3                 20                         20%
  4                 25                         20%
  5                 25                         30%
  6                 25                         40%
  7                 25                         40%

### Direct Links

Quotex also provides direct links to their landing pages, signup pages,
homepages, and banners that you can add to your referrals. These
generated links will reflect on your revenue-sharing commission.

### Sub-affiliate Program

The sub-affiliate program allows you to recruit people to join the
program and earn a percentage of their commission. The commission rate
you receive from your recruits depends on your affiliate level, meaning
higher levels might earn a larger share of your sub-affiliates\'
earnings. Here\'s the rate you get from your sub-affiliates based on
your level:

  Affiliate Level   Commission Rate
  ----------------- -----------------
  1                 2%
  2                 3%
  3                 4%
  4                 5%
  5                 6%
  6                 7%
  7                 8%

## How to Become a Quotex Affiliate?

Becoming a Quotex affiliate is easy and free. Just click on this link to
visit the official Quotex affiliate website and sign up with your email
address in one minute. It\'s also ideal to verify your contact
information and turn on 2FA after signing up to the platform to secure
your affiliate account.

## Conclusion

Quotex affiliate program can be a very lucrative source of passive
income due to high commission rate and shared earnings from the
sub-affiliate program. However, it\'s important to be aware of the
potential risks involved, as Quotex is an unregulated broker that has
been known to suspend user accounts and reject withdrawal requests. If
you are thinking about signing up for the Quotex affiliate program, we
recommend that you do your research and carefully consider the risks
involved.

[Sign Up for the Quotex Affiliate
Program](\%22https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignup\%22){."btn"}

## FAQ

**What is the Quotex affiliate program?**

The Quotex affiliate program allows you to earn commissions by referring
new traders to the Quotex trading platform.

**How much can I earn as a Quotex affiliate?**

You can earn up to 80% of the broker\'s profit or 5% of the trading
volume by promoting your unique referral link.

**What are the requirements to become a Quotex affiliate?**

To become a Quotex affiliate, you need to be at least 18 years old and
have a valid email address.

**How do I sign up for the Quotex affiliate program?**

You can sign up for the Quotex affiliate program by clicking on the
following link: \[SIGN UP LINK\]

**How do I promote the Quotex affiliate program?**

You can promote the Quotex affiliate program by using banners, links,
and other marketing materials that are provided by the broker.

**How do I get paid as a Quotex affiliate?**

You can get paid as a Quotex affiliate by requesting a withdrawal via
the platform\'s dashboard.

**What are the withdrawal methods available to Quotex affiliates?**

Quotex affiliates can withdraw their earnings via bank transfer,
e-wallet, or cryptocurrency.

